Lenovo collects information about you when you interact with our websites and certain offline services maintained by Lenovo or our service providers and partners. We use this information in order to provide you with a product or a service that you have requested; to provide you with customer service or support; to send you news, updates or offers; when you participate in events; to improve our websites, products and services; and to make sure that they are performing at their best; among other reasons.

For consumers residing in California, United States, Lenovo adheres to Section 7027(m) of the California Consumer Privacy Act Regulations. Lenovo does not use sensitive personal information to infer characteristics about consumers.

Please note that, in certain circumstances, if you do not provide us with personal information where needed, we may not be able to provide you with the products, experiences or functionalities that you have requested. The following describes how we collect, use and share information, including personal information, in certain online and offline contexts.
Browsing our websites

Our web server logs collect the domain names and certain related data of visitors to our websites automatically (such as IP addresses or device identifiers). This information is used to measure the number of visits, average time spent on a Lenovo website, pages viewed and website usage information. We use this information to meet legal or regulatory requirements; to maintain the security and integrity of our websites; to measure the use of our sites; to improve the content of our sites; to enable personalized features and content; to display and inform advertisements and marketing; and to enable third-party advertising companies to assist us in serving ads specific to your interests across the Internet. We may collect this information using cookies and other technologies, as explained below under the section “Does Lenovo use cookies, tags, pixels, web beacons, analytics and related technologies for online advertising and other purposes?”. This information may be shared within Lenovo and with service providers of Lenovo, including third party data hosting, data processing and website services so that they may support the functionality, security, integrity and improvement of our websites and marketing efforts.

Lenovo also conducts research on our users' demographics (for example, age or age range, and gender (to the extent allowed under applicable laws)), interests, and behavior, to better understand and serve you and to enable personalized experience. This is done based on information you provide to us when making a purchase, during a promotion, from surveys and from our server log files. Lenovo sometimes supplements this information with additional data supplied within Lenovo, or by third parties. Lenovo may share this data with our service providers so that they may provide data hosting, processing, analysis, and related services to Lenovo.
Your user profile

Your user profile may consist of information, including personal information, you provide while interacting with Lenovo and Motorola (Lenovo Group Company), such as your use of certain areas of our websites; your Lenovo ID, your Motorola Account or Motorola ID (“Motorola ID”), My Account, Passport account; your contact with our customer service representatives; Lenovo and/or Motorola Product(s) registration information; and from certain Lenovo and/or Motorola products and services that you purchase, buy and/or use.

Lenovo may also collect information about your user profile through additional sources, such as second party data from Partners, including data marketplaces and publishers, with whom Lenovo has executed commercial agreements.

Your user profile allows Lenovo to:

    Give certain Lenovo and/or Motorola products and services the information they need to function
    Troubleshoot problems you may have with a Lenovo and/or Motorola product, service or website
    Suggest ways to make your Lenovo and/or Motorola products, services and our websites work better
    Provide you with news, updates, recommendations, and information about your Lenovo, Motorola and/or Partners' products and services
    If you choose to receive marketing communications, provide you with information and recommendations about additional Lenovo, Motorola, and/or Partners' products or services that you may be interested in, fitting with your user profile

Artificial Intelligence

Certain Lenovo products, applications, and services may use technologies and tools that are powered by machine learning and artificial intelligence. The purpose of these technologies and tools is to deliver and improve our products and services in an ethical way. If a particular Lenovo product, application, or service uses artificial intelligence to process personal data of our customers, consumers, business partners, job candidates, or users, we will describe those practices to the extent applicable and as required by law. Additionally, Lenovo may use data collected from products, applications, and services to train machine learning and artificial intelligence models.

The following sections describe in further detail the types of information that may be contained within a user profile, how Lenovo uses that information, whether that information is shared with any third parties, and certain choices you may have regarding the information. For further details on other types of information that could be included in your user profile, please see the Lenovo privacy statement for your product.
Lenovo ID and Lenovo product registration

When you choose to create a Lenovo ID, register your Lenovo Product, or create an account through My Account or Passport, we will collect information, including personal information, about you and your Lenovo Product(s). We use your Lenovo ID and related registration and account information to identify you including when you use certain of our software applications (such as Lenovo Vantage) and our interactive services (like our online stores and customer support sites).

If you choose to create a Lenovo ID or to register your products, we will need to collect certain information from you such as your name, address, email address, language, region/country, age, product type/model, product serial number, date of product registration, and activation data about your operating system. We will use this information in order to administer your account or profile; provide services that you have requested; and to provide you with communications, including marketing messages that you choose to receive from Lenovo. The information collected and retained by Lenovo for these purposes may be shared within Lenovo and with our service providers so that they may provide data hosting, processing and marketing services to and on behalf of Lenovo.

To change your Lenovo ID password or deactivate your Lenovo ID account visit passport.lenovo.com and navigate to “Login” after creating your Lenovo ID.
Retail and e-commerce

We will collect personal information from you when you choose to place an order with Lenovo. This may include your name, email address, billing and shipping address, phone number, payment information (such as credit or debit card), age/date of birth, information to personalize a Lenovo product or service, and in limited circumstances where such information is strictly required for such order processing, social security number or other national identification number. Lenovo uses this information to facilitate the processing of your order and to enable us to contact you if a problem arises with your order. Additionally, if you purchase a product requiring service, your personal information may be used to obtain a credit report, if necessary.

We may share this information with service providers and partners who are involved in our e-commerce and retail fulfillment activities, such as data hosting companies; payment processors; financial institutions; shipping companies; and wireless carriers (if carrier services are ordered or activated via our site).
Customer service, quality monitoring, and repair

Certain Lenovo product and service support activities may involve you contacting Lenovo or Lenovo contacting you, including by phone, email or chat. Please note that, in these cases, we may record calls and chat session transcripts for staff training and quality assurance purposes. To provide you with the service or support that you have requested, such as requesting technical support or repair under a warranty for your Lenovo product, Lenovo customer service personnel may also collect and access personal information about you, such as your user profile, account information, contact information, Lenovo product and service identifiers, and information about how you use your Lenovo product and service.

Some Lenovo customer service personnel work for service providers that supply such services to Lenovo and its customers and may have access to information about you in this context. Lenovo uses data hosting, processing and communications service providers, such as online, automated, and AI-powered chat tools, to support these activities.

In addition, authorized Lenovo distributors, resellers or repair providers for Lenovo products may also have access to certain customer service, quality assurance and product information described herein to support your product or to provide a service that you have requested, such as repair services under a warranty for your Lenovo product.
Marketing, promotions, surveys, and events

If you receive marketing, advertising or promotional communications from Lenovo, Motorola, and/or their partners - such as via email or in-product push notifications - or if you choose to participate in an event, contest or survey, we will collect personal and non-personal information about you to help us manage these campaigns and communications, or to facilitate your participation. In particular, we may collect your name, address, email address, phone number, age/date of birth, our product information, your user profile data, and additional personal information you choose to provide. We may also use this information to send to you product support notices, announcements, recommendations, newsletters, and, when allowed by applicable laws, invitations to complete customer satisfaction surveys.

Lenovo, Motorola and selected service providers or partners – including marketing, advertising, surveys and events companies - may also use the information you provide to conduct promotional, customer satisfaction or product support activities on our behalf or as part of a joint event or promotion between Lenovo and that company. Lenovo may also use data hosting and processing service providers to support these activities, as well as external tools to help us learn more about consumer trends, marketing email open/click rates, and so forth. In addition, we may acquire data from third party sources, such as consumer research firms, in order to supplement the information that we collect from you. For further information on how our websites may use second and third party cookies and related technologies to support its marketing and advertising activities online, please see the section below entitled “Does Lenovo use cookies, tags, pixels, web beacons, analytics and related technologies for online advertising and other purposes?”.

You may also receive transactional communications from Lenovo or Motorola such as order confirmations and service or software updates. You are not required to subscribe to receive marketing communications to purchase a product from us. You may choose to unsubscribe by following the instructions included in those communications; by navigating to the Lenovo unsubscribe or opt-out mechanism; by changing your preferences in your account settings; or you can submit a request.
SMS Messaging

We may provide certain automated text message-based services (the “Text Services”). You can opt in to the Text Services by giving us your phone number on certain Sites. Your consent is not required and is not a condition of any purchase. If you opt in to Text Services, we may send automated text messages from and about Lenovo to the mobile number you provided, such as promotions, announcements, offers, alerts, abandoned cart reminders, and administrative messages. Message frequency may vary, and standard message and data rates may apply. You can opt out of our text messages by replying “STOP” (a confirmation message will be sent). You can also text “HELP” for help. Data obtained from you in connection with the Text Services may include your mobile phone number with your mobile carrier’s name, your opt-in / opt-out status, and the date, time, and content of your messages to us (“Opt-in Information”). Your Opt-in Information will not be sold or shared with third parties for their promotional or marketing purposes.
Loyalty programs

Lenovo may offer its customers the opportunity to participate in loyalty programs that offer discounts, coupons, or other incentives. While these programs are entirely optional and participation is not a requirement for purchasing from Lenovo, they require the collection of certain personal information from you if you do choose to participate.

The information collected for purposes of enrolling and participating in a Lenovo loyalty program may include your name, address, email address, phone number, age/date of birth, our product information, your user profile data, order information, purchase history, and additional personal information you choose to provide. This information may be shared with service providers or partners of Lenovo to manage loyalty programs on our behalf. Lenovo may also use data hosting and processing service providers to support these activities. You may end your participation in a Lenovo loyalty program by following any steps set forth by the applicable loyalty program rules.
Lenovo Family Hub

Lenovo Family Hub offers parents a user-friendly interface on Lenovo’s website to authorize their teenage children to make purchases on lenovo.com. You must have a Lenovo ID to create a Family Hub account. Each Family Hub must have a designated Head of Household who serves as the Family Manager. By selecting “Create Family Hub with Lenovo” within your LenovoID account, you will be the Head of Household for your Family Hub account.

Individuals can only become a member of a Family Hub account through an invitation. This invitation is initiated by the Family Manager and sent to the invited party to their e-mail address.

Before providing the invited party's e-mail address to Lenovo for the invitation, the Family Manager must obtain the consent of the invited party to invite that party to the Family Hub. The email address will be used by Lenovo only to send the invitation email. Lenovo will delete the recipient's email address after the Family Manager deletes the invitation or after the invitation email expires without action by the invitee. Lenovo will notify the Family Manager whenever an invitation is accepted.

In the event that the invited party is between the ages of thirteen (13) to seventeen (17) (a “Teen”), the Family Manager holds parental responsibility of the Teen, and where applicable law requires a qualified family member such as the Family Manager to consent on the Teen's behalf to the collection, disclosure or other use of their personal data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement, the Family Manager must: (i) attest that he / she holds parental responsibility of the Teen; and (ii) provide consent on behalf of the Teen to Lenovo collecting, disclosing, or otherwise using their personal data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement, and notify the Teen of the same.

Adult & teen accounts

Accounts associated with a Family Hub account are either Adult accounts or Teen accounts (i.e., accounts intended for use by family members between the ages of 13 to 17). Adult accounts operate as individual Lenovo accounts, will be associated with the Family Hub account, and will have additional features. Adult profiles require only name and email address.

Teen profiles require the individual's name, email, and month/year of birth. Teen account holders can make purchases on Lenovo.com subject to the Family Manager's oversight and approval.

Family Managers

The Family Manager serves as the designated Head of Household for the Family Hub. Only one individual with an adult account can be the Family Manager for each Family Hub. The Family Manager can invite others to join the Family Hub, remove members from the Family Hub, provide payment information and oversight of orders made by members of the Family Hub, and assign another Adult account holder to be the Family Manager.

The Family Manager also determines whether to remove Teen or Adult accounts from the Family Hub account; Lenovo will send email confirmation to both the Family Member and the Teen or Adult being removed. Teen and Adult account holders can close their account and leave the Family Hub at any time.

The Family Manager can assign the role of Family Manager to another member of the Family Hub Account holding an Adult account by going into Family Hub Settings and changing the Family Manager under “Reassign Family Manager”. The role of Family Manager can only be assigned to an individual with an Adult account. The newly assigned adult family member will be notified via email once this change has been requested and must log in and accept this reassigned Family Manager role for the change to complete.

The new Family Manager will need to set up the Order Preference for all existing Teen accounts. Once this role is accepted by the newly assigned adult family member, the original Family Manager will no longer see the Family Hub in their account.

Placing orders in Family Hub

The Family Manager can see all orders made in the Family Hub, including the order status information. Lenovo will send to the Family Manager transactional emails about all orders placed by family members using Family Hub, including requests to approve purchases made by Teens and other order notifications.

The Family Manager provides the default payment method and shipping address for the Teen account. Family Hub will make visible to the Teen the name on the payment card, the card issuer, and the last four digits of the card as well as the shipping address for any purchases. Only the Family Manager can modify payment card details or shipping addresses associated with Teen accounts. Orders made by Teen account holders will be shipped in the Teen's name.

The Family Manager receives a notification via email when a Teen places an order and the order details are made available to the Family Manager, including the product, quantity, payment method, and shipping address. The Family Manager can choose: (a) to review all orders made by a Teen before approving or rejecting the order; or (b) to allow Teens to place orders without requiring review and approval.

When approving or denying a purchase request, the Family Manager can leave a comment for the Teen explaining the decision; this comment is retained as part of the order information and while the Family Hub account is active.

After the Family Manager reviews and responds to the order request, the status will be updated on the Order Details page and conveyed through an email notification. If the Family Manager leaves a comment on the order, that comment will be retained as part of the order information while the Family Hub account is active. Comments will also be included in the email notification to the Teen who placed the order. Lenovo provides order status information to the owner of the order (“Order Owner”) and the Family Manager.

Family order history

Family Hub will maintain a record of all orders placed by members of the account. This order history includes the date the order was placed, the products purchased, the amounts paid, Order Owner, and store name. The history of orders placed by members of the Family Hub is also visible to the Family Manager. Any orders made by a member through the Family Hub will continue to be displayed in the Family Hub Order History, even after their account has been removed from Family Hub.

Photos

Each non-Teen member of the Family Hub account may select their own photos for use in the Family Hub account and can change or delete the photo. The photo will be made part of each non-Teen member's LenovoID. Photos will be visible to all members of the Family Hub account.

Device management

The Family Manager can access and add information about the Lenovo and Motorola devices members of the Family Hub account use to the account. Device information that is required to be added is the device owner's name and device model. Device information that can optionally be added is device serial number and a nickname assigned by the family member to the device. Device information that is automatically filled in is: (1) the device's warranty status (including a link to quickly access support.lenovo.com) only if the serial number is provided; and (2) the date the device was added to the Family Hub account. This information is made available to the Family Manager for the manager's own use.

Lenovo uses the device serial number to look up warranty status information and display it to members of the Family Hub account and to register the device with Lenovo's customer data systems. Lenovo will send email notifications to each family member who is assigned to a device. Family members can remove from the Family Hub account devices assigned to them.

Wishlist sharing

Information that a family member adds to a wishlist can be kept private to the member, or the member can choose to share the list with other members of the Family Hub account and individuals outside of the Family Hub account. Lenovo may notify the owner of the wishlist if the price of a listed product drops.

Deactivating Family Hub

The Family Manager can choose to deactivate the Family Hub account; all members of the Family Hub account will be notified via email of the deactivation. The Family Manager can also remove from the Family Hub account any linked account; when this occurs, the member being removed is informed via email of the change. Adult accounts remain active after being removed from the linked Family Hub account; however, removed Teen accounts cannot function independently from Family Hub and thus become inactive.
Social media

Some of our websites include social media features and links, such as a social bar with icons that link to the Lenovo presence on particular sites (for example, the Lenovo page on Facebook, the Lenovo feed on X). These features may collect your IP address and information on which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets either are hosted by another company or are hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.

You may also be able to access certain Lenovo website experiences and account information by signing on through various social media sites such as Facebook, Google, Microsoft, X, Twitch, Discord, Steam, or other sites. When you choose to log in to other sites using single-sign-on, Lenovo may also share your name, email address and profile picture (if you have one) with those platforms via ConnectPassport, a third party that provides single-sign-on services. If you choose to sign on using these services, Lenovo may collect certain information from your social media account, including your public profile, email address, age/date of birth, contact lists, interests, likes, and current city. Lenovo may link to or otherwise include this information in your Lenovo user profile and we may use this information for marketing-related purposes. The specific types of information provided may depend on the privacy settings of your social media account. Please see the privacy statements of your applicable social media services for further details.
Community sites, blogs and discussion forums

If you choose to participate in a Lenovo blog, chat room, discussion forum, or community site (each a “Discussion Forum”), the information you provide there will be made available to others, inside and outside Lenovo, who have access to that Discussion Forum. By posting information to a Discussion Forum, you represent that you are authorized to post such information and acknowledge that Lenovo (a) is not obligated to handle the information as confidential and (b) is free to use such information for any purpose.

Discussion forums may be hosted by non-Lenovo organizations and may have additional rules. Each participant's opinion is their own and does not reflect the opinion of Lenovo.
Testimonials

Lenovo sometimes displays product reviews, testimonials and other endorsements of satisfied customers on our sites. Our service providers often manage these reviews and related website features. With your consent, we may post your comments along with your name. If you want to update or delete your comments, you can submit a request.
Employment applications

You may choose to provide Lenovo with personal information when you express an interest in employment opportunities at Lenovo, such as by submitting an application or resume through our websites. The information we collect from you at the time you are submitting your application may include personal information such as name, contact information, background, education, employment history and other information normally used to evaluate candidates for employment opportunities. We will use this information only to evaluate your employment candidacy, and will share it only with those service providers who support these activities, such as candidate search firms working on behalf of Lenovo; and background screening companies to help vet a candidate’s application if permitted by applicable laws. In certain jurisdictions where we are permitted to do so under applicable laws, we may use AI-powered tools to support some of our recruitment processes, including (in connection with interviews (in the Asia-Pacific region...) to achieve better efficiency, and accuracy to evaluate candidate qualifications, and for our documentation purposes. We always make sure that the outputs are manually reviewed by a human. Candidates may always opt out or contact us in case of any questions. Lenovo may use service providers to help process and manage the information it collects in this context, including Lenovo business and corporate services. We may also supplement an employment application received with additional information found via publicly available resources, such as LinkedIn profiles.
Business partner relationships

If you represent a Lenovo business partner (that is, a distributor or reseller of Lenovo products), you may visit a Lenovo website intended specifically for Lenovo business partners, such as the Lenovo Partner Hub. These sites may be governed by separate privacy statements and terms of use. We may use personal information you choose to provide via such sites to administer and develop our business relationship with you, and the company you represent. For instance, this may involve using your information to send you details about Lenovo business partner programs. It may also include sharing certain information with other business partners (subject to any confidentiality obligations that may exist), or Lenovo customers or prospects. In connection with a particular transaction or program, we may also engage with you in connection with our customer satisfaction surveys or for market research purposes. The information used for this purpose may be shared with service providers who help us administer these sites or relationships, such as data hosting and processing companies; and advertising, marketing, events and survey partners so that they may execute sales, promotional campaigns or survey research on our behalf.
Supplier administration

If you represent a Lenovo supplier, you may visit a Lenovo website intended specifically for use by Lenovo suppliers. We may use the information provided on that site in connection with entering into or performing a transaction with you. For example, this may include sharing information with other parts of Lenovo, Lenovo's business partners, customers, shipping companies, financial institutions, postal or government authorities involved in the fulfillment of a transaction. It may also be used to administer and develop our relationship with you, the supplier you represent and/or other Lenovo suppliers generally.
Mergers and acquisitions

Circumstances may arise when Lenovo decides to sell, buy, merge, or otherwise reorganize businesses in some countries. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information. Such a transaction may involve the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers, or receiving it from sellers.
Legal requirements and to enforce our rights

It is possible that personal information will be subject to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, orders, or criminal and anti-fraud investigations. Therefore, when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, we may disclose personal or other information to regulatory or government bodies, courts of law, tribunals, and law enforcement agencies. We may also need to disclose personal or other information to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, or to investigate theft or fraud. In addition to the above, there may be circumstances that require us to disclose your personal information to other parties, including, but not limited to, legal advisers or debt collection agencies.